hey guys saw see here from beyond
entertainment and today I'm going to be
bringing you the latest updates on what
is happening in Halo 4's matchmaking
specifically covering the new FFA forge
playlist alright guys the first map we
have here is called black site and it
was forged by the faded fire now the
primary game types you're going to see
on this map or capture the flag in FFA
but also other supported game types
include team slayer extraction king of
the hill and team ball now you're going
to be seeing a couple power ups and
power weapons on this map as well on the
/ shield railgun and sticky detonator
all come up on the two minute mark so
every 120 seconds or two minutes you're
going to be seeing these weapons and
power-ups pop up alright so the next map
is called assault and it was forged by
nitro now the supported game types on
this map are Slayer gtf oddball
extraction king of the hill FFA and red
decide now the weapons you need to
control on assault are the rockets and
the railgun which are on a two-minute
timer that spawn after they are picked
up now the next map we have is called
bloodthirst which was designed by ihop a
very interesting map in my opinion
definitely seemed like it was designed
with FFA in mind for sure now what
you're going to want to control on this
map are the Rockets would spawn bottom
middle and also it's crucial that you
try to control the beam rifle which is
located at the top of this ramp up next
we have edifice which was forged by
Redemption 1272 now personally this is
one of my favorite forge maps that I
played on Halo 4 and it seems to run FFA
very very well a couple of things that
you need to keep an eye on on this map
is the sniper rifle that spawns top
metal and also be aware of the ordinance
drops I come up on edifice you can
either get an over shield damage boost
or a speed boost now these drops are
completely random and occur every two
minutes after they are picked up all
right now the next map we have is called
Plaza which was forged by smexy bills
out now this map was actually really fun
to play on but in order to be successful
on plaza you're going to want to hold
down the rockets and you're going to
want to hold down the sword now the
sword spawns every three minutes after
you
pick it up and the rocket spawn every
two minutes after you picked them up now
moving right along into our next map
called malice which was forged by agent
papercraft personally I thought this map
is very interesting and fun to play on
you're constantly in a gunfight you were
constantly spawning and getting into
battles and there's just never a dull
moment really um in my experiences on
this map now what you need to do to win
on this map is to control the keep our
weapons power weapons unity control are
the sniper which comes up every three
minutes on the sticky detonator also
that comes up every three minutes
there's also a random binary rifle drop
which occurs at a mysterious time in the
game so you have to be on the lookout
for that because you really don't want
your opponent's getting a hold of that
binary rifle now up next we have a map
called opus which was forged by shifty
time now this is a symmetrical map that
features three large areas a central
room where the power weapons are held
and two bases on either side of the
central room now the weapons that you're
going to want to hold down on opus are
the Rockets that spawned every three
minutes and the sniper that spawns every
two minutes now the last map that is
featured in the community forged
playlist is called serenity and it was
forged by DG intensity this map it was
an absolute blast to play on and I had a
lot of really close and really good
games on this now you really need to
focus on holding on the sniper on this
map which comes up every three minutes
and there's also a sticky detonator that
comes up every three minutes and there's
also even a shotgun that comes up every
three minutes and if you lock these
weapons down and time everything
correctly you will secure yourself a win
all right guys I really appreciate
everyone who took the time to watch this
video be sure to leave it I like and
leave a comment below and also I want to
give a major shout out to all the
forgers who took the time and the effort
to forge these awesome maps every single
one of them is literally amazing and I
really really enjoy playing on an FA
playlist alright guys take it easy peace
you